*Impacts on society
1. The requirements mentioned above would be a lot easier.
*Roles
1. Student
2. Admin
*Processes
1. Login Process
	1.1. The user enters his/her student number and password.
	1.2. S/He will be authenticated via the API designed.
	1.3. If the authentication was successful, the student will be redirected to the main page of the system. (If s/he logins for the first time, he will be redirected to the profile page.)
	1.4. Otherwise an error will be shown to the user.
2. Profile filling
	2.1. The user will be moved to this page if he logins for the first time or he clickes on edit profile button.
	2.2. The user should fill in the profile form.
	2.3. If the profile is complete, the infos will be saved in DB.
	2.4. If the form is incomplete, the user will be informed via an error.
3. Booklet uploading
	3.1. The user should fill in a form including the properties of the booklet.
	3.2. Then te user selects the booklet in the form of PDF and uploads it.
	3.3. The info and the booklet will be saved in the DB.
4. Booklet Search
	4.1. The user searches for the booklet based on some filters such as course name, prof name, date, etc.
	4.2. The user sees the information of a booklet by clicking on it.
	4.3. The user downloads the booklet by clicking on the Download button.
5. Book Selling
	5.1. The user fills in a form including the info of the book and the picture of it and the price; also the contact information.
	5.2. When s/he submits the form, the info will be saved in the DB.
6. Book Buying
	6.1. The user searches the books based on filters.
	6.2. The results of the search will be shown to the user.
	6.3. The user sees the ad s/he wants by clicking on it.
7. Book Management
	7.1. The book seller can delete or edit his/her books.
	7.2. The user can see all of the books that s/he have or buy.
	7.3. The buyer can remove his/her request for buying book. 
	7.4. The user can finalize the deal
8. Events
	8.1. The events will be shown to the user based on his/her profile.
	8.2. The user can search among the events.
	8.3. The user can see the description and the link of the event.
9. Managmenet for uploads
	9.1 pending uploads will be shown in his notification tab
	9.2 he will browse the requests which are sorted by date that they are added
	9.3 if there is nothing wrong with the request he will accept it 
		if not he will reject it 
